docs: bridge mode and unattended upgrades (#4857)
Azure/aks-engine: docs/howto/troubleshooting.md

## Azure API Throttling

See this [document](../topics/azure-api-throttling.md) for help with troubleshooting Kubernetes clusters affected by Azure API throttling.

## Avoid bridge mode problems by using transparent networking

> AKS Engine clusters before v0.58.0 or any version with an API model not using "transparent" Kubernetes networking mode may become unavailable if a control plan node becomes `NotReady`. Rebooting the node should recreate a working network configuration, but the problem can be prevented by re-launching clusters using transparent networking instead of bridge mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AKS Engine clusters before v0.58.0 or any version with an API model not using "transparent" Kubernetes networking mode may become unavailable if a control plane node becomes `NotReady`. Rebooting the node should recreate a working network configuration, but the problem can be avoided by provisioning clusters using transparent networking instead of bridge mode.

```
